and then this figure appears he's going
to rescue me he pushes me up towards the
surface and then I wake up the name is
Rudy watts
25 years old you remain captain t fall
in love with me I'll bring you food
three times a day help you wash every
other day if you need to go to the
toilet I do know to try to stay with
miles from the nearest household you
next don't work what happens if I don't
fall in love with you would I stay here
for the rest of my life I know you're
only trying to help me can we have a
candle give it be romantic I wouldn't
want you to learn this from someone else
this is special mental progress
[Music]
just how many others tongue what how
many others have you kidnapped before me
[Music]
[Laughter]
you